updated RN docs (#971)
100mslive/100ms-docs: docs/react-native/v2/features/change-role.mdx

In certain scenarios, you may want to change someone's role.

Imagine an audio room with 2 roles `speaker` and `listener`. Only someone with a `speaker` role can publish audio to the room while a `listener` can only subscribe.

Now at some point, the `speaker` may decide to nominate some `listener` to become a `speaker`. 

This is where Change Role capabilities come in play.

You may choose to do either:

1. [Single Peer Role Change](#single-peer-role-change): Change the role of a single peer to a specified one using the `changeRoleOfPeer` API

2. [Bulk Role Change](#bulk-role-change): Change the role of all peers with a certain role, to a specified one using the `changeRoleOfPeersWithRoles` API

## Single Peer Role Change

To invoke the API you will need 4 parameters.

-   `forPeer`: An instance of `HMSPeer` of the peer who's role you want to change.

-   `toRole`: The `HMSRole` instance for the target role.

-   `force`: Whether you want to change their role without asking them or give them a chance to accept/reject.

> -   `hmsActionResultListener`: The `HMSActionResultListener` that will get a success or failure callback depending on the result of the request.

Reviewer: We don't need this on RN side

Note: success doesn't mean that the role was changed, just that the server accepted the request as valid.

> All the peers that are in the current room are accessible via the `peers` property of the `HMSRoom` instance. 

Reviewer: This line is out of context

> A list of all available roles in the current room can be accessed via the `getRoles` method of `HMSSDK`.

Reviewer: This line is out of context

Now with all the parameters you can invoke the `changeRoleOfPeer` API:

```js

> import { HMSRole, HMSRemotePeer } from '@100mslive/react-native-hms';

Reviewer: Should be use `hmsInstance?.getRoles()` method instead of `hmsInstance?.knownRoles`?

> import { HMSRole, HMSRemotePeer } from '@100mslive/react-native-hms';

Reviewer: Should we use `getRemotePeers` method instead of `remotePeers` property?

hmsInstance.addEventListener(HMSUpdateListenerActions.ON_ROLE_CHANGE_REQUEST, onRoleChangeRequest);
```

At this point, the app should show a prompt to the user asking for permission to accept or deny role change. 

If the user wants to accept the request, the app should invoke `acceptRoleChangeRequest` on `HMSSDK` instance:

```js
// call this if you accept role change else close the prompt
await hmsInstance.acceptRoleChange()
    .then(d => console.log('Accept change role Success: ', d))
    .catch(e => console.log('Accept change role Error: ', e));
```

> Now, all peers in the room will receive an `HMSPeerUpdate.ROLE_CHANGED` callback so that they both can do the necessary UI updates. Now the user becomes a speaker and the audio publishing will start automatically.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, all peers in the room will receive an `HMSPeerUpdate.ROLE_CHANGED` callback so that they all can do the necessary UI updates. Now the user becomes a speaker and the audio publishing will start automatically.
```

Now let's imagine the newly nominated speaker is not behaving nicely and we want to move him back to the listener without a prompt. This is where the `force` parameter comes in.

When it is set to true the other party will not receive a confirmation `roleChangeRequest` but instead will straight away receive a new set of updated permissions and stop publishing. 

`HMSPeerUpdate.ROLE_CHANGED` callback will still be fired so that the app can update the user's UI state.

## Bulk Role Change

Bulk Role Change is used when you want to convert all Roles from a list of Roles, to another Role.

> For example, if peers join a room with a `waiting` role and you want to change them all to `viewers` then you'd use the `changeRoleOfPeersWithRoles` API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if peers join a room with a `waiting` role and you want to change all of them to `viewer` role then you'd use the `changeRoleOfPeersWithRoles` API.
```
